long hind legs are perfect for guiding
the ball the shorter front ones are
powerful pushing levers shifting ten
times the beetles weight
upside-down and backwards may be ideal
for rolling but it's seriously
compromises enemies of valence
kori bustards also follow the wildebeest
herds they know that where there are
millions of wildebeest there are
millions of dung beetles bustards are
also under pressure to build up for
breeding their flak jackets can't keep
out a beat bike that
when the going gets tough we all know
the best course of action for the
Beatles which survived the mission must
continue
dung beetles may travel 200 metres to
find the perfect place to belly a food
ball that may not seem far to us but to
the beetle it's an odyssey
termite mounds tower like skyscrapers
tiny pebbles seem like boulders
an erosion gully could easily be the
Grand Canyon
but a tumble like this is a mere
distraction from the master pan